Project Proposal:  Sololist.dj
Motivation
The average user who listens to music online has multiple sources that they go to each day.  Overtime this can become cumbersome are unable to keep track of all the new content that is coming out.  This can be new music from places like Soundcloud.com and Youtube.com or radio stations that have full playlists that a user might want to hear.  What we plan on doing is creating a product that will take the user’s favorite channel and allow them to keep up to date from multiple sources and create a list that will update automatically with new music that comes from their favorite sites.  As well as showing which songs have already been played and even recommend new music that the user may not have found on their own.  

Currently we are devising a web service and small database that will collect user songs and information and run it through a system that will create a better user experience with custom imagery and recommended music that they may be interested in.
The client will help us give us what he feels is needed for the project and update us with different features and abilities that the service will have.  When working on the project he will keep us on track of the main goal and give us input when needed in case we run into any issues that we feel need an another voice among the group.  He will also help with testing the project and give us input on how it can be better. 
Functionalities
Sololist.dj will take the URL’s that the user wishes to keep track of and create a playlist that gets updated overtime from either the website or recommended music from around the web. It will include a basic web site crawler will find links of music from the websites given or subscribe to RSS feeds that will automatically update the users playlist.  This service will have a non-member feature that will allow a user to create a custom playlist from various sites allowing them to easily listen to music from multiple sources. Member features will keep track of a playlist and give customized features like recommendations for other types of music along with keeping track of the music that you have listened too previously. This list will let you favorite your songs and share with a community made up of other members. 
Implementation Stategy
The platform will have a MySQL database that will keep track of user information (e.g. playlists, favorites, customized site features).  Unit testing procedures will be produced so we can develop and test new functions/methods in the system to make sure it works before releasing it into production.  The back end will be coded in Java using Jersey RESTful web services.  Sololist.dj will have use a combination of HTML5/CSS/Javascript that will allow a user to easily navigate the website. The website will feature a minimalistic format that will let the user create, listen and share their playlist easily and quickly.  

Technical Challenges
	The largest technical challenge will be developing capable smart feature that will help complete the user’s experience.  This includes the recommendation of songs for the user to find new and enjoyable music.   
